Hey friend, we barely made it away from the storm alive.
We need to get the heat going, but this fire wont do, we need some oil or something... 
Go out and find a way to heat us up, or we'll die of exposure before the undead finds us.
Thank you, here take this light.
Solar Deity? The flame, the fire. The one that brings warmth and life. You should join in a prayer sometime, we'll burn your past away.
Don't let the chill of winter get to you, Solar Deity's light burns within you, I know it.
(7)
Get into position! The damned enemy is just outside.
We are sitting ducks in here. If the cold or zombies do not get us, there are raiders and other things in this area, who just might do the job. 
We need more weapons, bring us what you can find so we can defend ourselves. Good luck, soldier. 
Great, the more weapons we have the more secure we will be. Take some ammo and go find more.
Are you blind and deaf?! Didn't you see how we were followed? 
Of cause they will, we have a lot of ammo, easier to get your hands on than working weapons. Also even without ammo, some will not dare to fight a loaded gun.
Don't be stupid. What would you do running around with more guns than you can carry? If you hand them over I will give you some ammo in return and it will make the rest of us safe.
All right, take it, let the rest of us be set upon while you're wasting time.
Guns. We need GUNS and any other weapons you can find... bring them to me and I'll give you some ammo, so you can shoot a GUN... now go get some GUNS... You dense cabbage.
(17)
What do you want? Can you not you see that I am busy? Look, if you want to help, go find me something to help us defend this place. 
What we need is Scrap, and a lot of it! If we manage to board off the enemies, the rest should be hoarded, so we can rebuild this cruel world into something better.
Great that should be enough to bare the whole place from flanking attacks.
WHAT?! And pick my baby apart?! Do you want to join the wounded in here? We need it to get away from here...
That is a working car battery, and a large one at that! It could surely power something that takes a lot of energy. It'll go for a lot surely.
Not too great, all of them were damaged in the battle, but they can be repaired, tough that has to wait for now, the dogs needs rest to.
(24)
Sorry but my hands are a bit occupied with not having him bleed to death.
Everybody but you and I were wounded. Quick on your feet, we had to leave some supplies behind though, go find a Medical kit.
You've just made sure we will all be alive from that attack, the other's may not say anything but know we are all grateful, but it will take a while for all to heal, take these, I hope you survive this.
If you bring me the healing kit, I have some medicine I can give you, but the other's wounds are bad, we need to think of all of us here.
You can go get the medical kit. And if you manage to find any medicine elsewhere, I am sure we can find something for you in return.
I need the Medical kit that was left somewhere in the wasteland nearby or our friends will never get out of here alive. Go find that Medical kit. 
The other's wounds are to great, broken feet, cracked ribs, torn flesh. You would not just let them die would you? Nobody survives out there along for long without company, you have to be careful.
(32)
They are out there. Be on your guard.
We are out of luck this time friend. I can not go out with my busted leg...
If you could just clear some of the nearby enemies we should be able to defend ourselves.
Great, now I can hold this position, here take this; it'll be of more use for you out there.
I have another, unlike you, I have always been an Army Man, but if you die out there you wouldn't be worth wasting the metal on. So good work.
I will have to, my upper body is not hurt, and somebody needs to keep guard while you are gone.
And let some ghoul sneak up on us from the front? Just go kill out enemies. I will be fine.
You need to kill the nearby enemies, or we will be swarmed. When you have killed 10, come back for a little something.
Sure would love to, but this is the best we can do with the wounded here. The quicker you work, the quicker we get out of here...
(42)
This must be the place.
Think I found out where we are. We are in Wonderland. An old abounded settlement when the raiders came through, there might be a good amount of supplies out here... 
Find these items to make sure we know what is left.
Right now we know where all the areas are. Should it make it much easier for when we will harvest supplies later. Good work.
We need to find out exactly where we are and where things is around here. Go find me anything that can let us know where we are and what we can get from here.
We need to regain our strength first. But it may be possible to set up a permanent base IF we manage to get the right equipment and information. Remember: Information is essential.
(49)
Seems we are good... for now...
We had to get away from the dead, but our pure water supply was destroyed. We will need a way to get more water or it does not matter what else we do here. 
Please find a way for us to get pure water.
Now we can continue traveling after this is all done. Great job. What a working water purifier? This is astounding! We could settle here with such a machine.
We need things to build a temporary water purifier, or some other way to clean water nearby, or will die of thirst within a few days.
Just might. A water purifier is essential to a larger encampment; this could mean a new beginning for us.
The snow? It is filled with all kinds of things you do not want directly into your body, it needs to be cleaned first trust me, or you will just end up sick or dead.
(57)
Ughh...
I know why this place is full of enemies. The bone king must be here, he has control of both zombies and raiders. 
If you can kill him our enemies will scatter, but beware, he is a very powerful... ugh...
The bone king... kill the bone king... or we will never get... out... of... here...
Thanks... think I can feel my neck again...


